---
date: 2021-01-21
title: Pundit
categories:
  - intro
  - pundit
author_staff_member: 4ackermen
---

# Introduction
Pundit is a technical assessment platform for companies, organizations, and CTF teams to train and assess skills of a candidate in the security field. 

Pundit helps hiring managers and security teams find the best tech security talent in the market, giving them security assessment tools and collaboration to ensure that they get the best hires.

# Why?
Bringing a new security professional onto your team is no small task right from verifying technical challenges, judging accuracy of a submitted solution, maintaining a leaderboard and tracking a candidate's progress - this is a long and hefty process. 

Pundit streamlines the entire pipeline making it manageable easily by any technical team, irrespective of the team size.

# The Pundit
Pundit helps you select, train and get the most out of your next generation security professional.
Most of the time, companies and organizations host a set of challenges that are expected to be completed from a pool of candidates. 
The candidates can then attempt the challenges and the recruiting team, using Pundit, can verify a candidate’s solution by running it against various test cases and plagiarism checkers. Pundit also gives detailed statistics of a specific user and maintains a candidate leaderboard. 

**Features**
- Newbie training at one’s own pace
- Task validation
- Friendly competition
- Statistical analysis of performance of candidates 
- Beginner friendly admin interface 
- Admin team management 
- Reminders & TODO list functionalities
- Ease of scalability
- Ease of deployment and self management

# Outro
Wanna hear more on what’s happening, then do subscribe to our mailing list [here](https://4ackermen.github.io/contact). You will be the first one to know about our beta release.



