---
date: 2021-01-30
title: Pundit - Week 2 
categories:
  - update
  - pundit
author_staff_member: 4ackermen
---

# Week 2 

This week we go into depth for all the API endpoints that we intend to provide for consuming.

Primarily, there are two modules in the backend: task validator and user statistics.

Let’s go into depth for each module:

## Task Validator

- Receive the codes as file inputs.
- Copy them along with the dockerfile to a temp directory.
- Start a container along with the files submitted.
- Receive the report from the child container.

## End points
REST APIs are one of the most common kinds of web services available today. 
- /tasks/submit/userid (POST): For submitting user solutions 
- /polls/binary (POST): Create a binary choice poll.
- (Only for admins) /polls/multi (POST) : Create a multi-choice poll 
- (Only for admins): /stats/userid (GET): Get the user statistics of a particular user (solves, score, timestamps)
- /stats/fbloods (GET) : Gets the list of all the challenge firstblood solves.
- /stats/leaderboard (GET): Retrieves the scoreboard of the programme.


## User statistics

- Total solves from a user.
- Score of a particular user.
- Challenges solved by a user.
- Firstbloods list of all the challenges

## Frontend

We have not invested much time into design in terms of color-schemes/fancy UI-stuff for the time being and only have focused from a minimal and ease of usability perspective. They may be taken for representative purpose only and as a “high level” guide to how the platform would work. 






